capital = 52

recruit_character = BAY_Rupprecht_I
recruit_character = BAY_Rupprecht_I_1
recruit_character = BAY_Rupprecht_I_2
recruit_character = BAY_Rupprecht_I_3
recruit_character = BAY_Rupprecht_I_4
recruit_character = BAY_Eugen_Levine
recruit_character = BAY_Max_Levien
recruit_character = BAY_Gustav_Landauer
recruit_character = BAY_Franz_Ritter_von_Epp
recruit_character = BAY_Julius_Streicher
recruit_character = BAY_Tovia_Axelrod
recruit_character = BAY_Erich_Muhsam
recruit_character = BAY_Therese_Grondl
recruit_character = BAY_Arnold_Wadler
recruit_character = BAY_Josef_Sontheimer
recruit_character = BAY_Hans_Junk
recruit_character = BAY_heisenberg
recruit_character = BAY_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = BAY_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = BAY_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = BAY_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = BAY_alfred_jod
recruit_character = BAY_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = BAY_wolfram_von_richthofen
recruit_character = BAY_otto_von_Lossow
recruit_character = BAY_Rudolf_Steinauer
recruit_character = BAY_Rosa_Luxemburg

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	aa_cannon_1 = 1
	engines_1 = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	oil_processing = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
}
set_oob = BAY_1936
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.75

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1932.2.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes

}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 11
	syndicalist = 6
	anarchism = 4
	social_democrat = 4
	democratic = 10
	social_conservative = 20
	neutrality = 25
	paternal_autocrat = 6
	fascism = 8
	populism = 6
}

add_ideas = {
	Bavaria_haven_of_freedom
	Bavaria_South_Germany_industy_of_star
	Bavaria_center_storm
	Bavaria_Bayerische_Armee
	Bavaria_Bayerische_Luftwaffe
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "BF-108"
	type = small_plane_airframe_1    
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
        fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
		engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
	icon = "GFX_fighter_equipment_1"
	obsolete = no 
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "BF-108-G"
	type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1   
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
		fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = recon_camera
		engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = empty
	}
	icon = "GFX_fighter_equipment_1"
	obsolete = no 
}



